# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

Property.rb line 3 - 14

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

Property.rb line 16 - 34

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

Lines 16 - 107

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Because it defines itself automatically, so that it isn't static

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

Where - line 9 How - using to_i to define it as an integer

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

So it doesn't produce an error if there is no id yet

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?



Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

An array of hashes

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

Prevent SQL injection attacks

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
